alright this is just part three of the
videos of all my software showing you
guys that it is worried that it is
running faster I check this out this is
my quadra score I'm going to run a
benchmark test on this phone okay so
everybody out there knows that what
you've been seeing on my videos works
okay someone wanted to rape me bad I
don't know why thanks a lot man you lost
me made me lose a star just kidding but
i'm showing you still this phone is
running fast
again this is just clocking it we're
checking it you know or lags see where
our phone is all right I want you guys
to see this very clearly if you can all
right here on the bottom it says HT
magic above that motorola droid above
that SE xperia x10i whatever the phone
that is then they have the HTC Desire
the nexus one Samsung Galaxy S which is
our phone motorola droid x and the nexus
one to point two plus that's running
right about 13,000 okay my quadra score
after putting on my cell phone updates
is I don't know if you can see it but
it's 2118 okay maybe I can get that but
you can see the orange part is my phone
and i can give you the software if you
guys want it so you can benchmark your
phone and see where it ends up do it
before you put my software on and then
do it after and you will see a big
difference check that quadrant score out
man 2118 get it got it good